traffic signs and rules
what does it mean and what do we do with it
c what pupils have to say
hi this is it is a journal
in traffic we have certain
made agreements with each other
agreements ensure that everyone
knows what he or she must do that ensures
so for safe situations it is
important that you know these agreements in
traffic we use
traffic signs and signs
traffic rules
these indicate what we have together
agreed in traffic
rules that have to do, for example
with priority
suppose you want to turn and it will come
meet you again
you must know that you are the other
must let go
you can get traffic signs and traffic signs
what about the road you are on that
currently riding a sign indicating who
for example, or has priority
which direction you should cycle or where
the cycle path is
Road signs are the lines and signs
on the road, for example, shark teeth such as
you have to give for one or the stripes of
the cross-walk
everyone here knows the
pedestrian pastors across the road
want to cross when you see the whole movie
priority if you want to see more
find out about the subject
Then check out www.schooltv.nl
you too are in traffic every day and
you'll have the best view into
c some students come to speak
what did you say what what are actually
shark teeth
and he can call them so because because look
where you tons and if you stand
That means you get to order then
you have to let the other feel that he is
russell grandia
threesomes you suspect or something
yes those are then
yes 3 each other and then you have to
to hide
if you go with the points to you
you have to hide and watch
parents arrive to the left and right
you can also call a road
and describe what that looks like
call dog with a few billion euros
on it and if that is and for example he
is in your wrist and times it
with your parties
I know stop sign a kind of square where
all hands
where all the corners are from are one
priority word
which is a bit of a diamond and then
it is that the more it is yellow and then
a week toronto not what does this mean
traffic sign
yes only guide can cycle for days
sweetspot is here to separate bicycles or
bike path that you realize bike path now
cycling what does this traffic sign mean
And that means you might favor it
one I think for a griefer
you must give priority to the
from left 'and right' that you have to stop
that for you a priority road is what is
This traffic sign you must stop all stop
wait you have to stop
you have to stop and they turn right left
watch and drive on
you have to stop here because maybe there
arrives yes now stopped
so if you want to give your opinion then go
to safe it hyves and leave a comment
behind
are you already on my hyves page
been
no well come along once at sea
fat hyves
You can do this on the
photo contest or the lipdub
that was the weather for this month you want
see or know more come to safe at
hyves
take or put the safe gadget on your own
profile
then you stay on your own hyves on the
height
thanks for looking and see you
next time